now this is part the show I genuinely
don't know anything about there's gonna
be a mystery guest who's been in the
news and I have to figure out who that
person is
so please welcome my mystery girl
thank you very much for coming on my
show can I sit there so okay sit down
all you like lovely stuff just nice and
comfy isn't it yeah okay so it has
something to do with animals clearly yes
um oh I'm intrigued by that do you um
try and freak people out by burying dead
animals in cars good though wouldn't it
that would be tricky come back up again
why mate I'm thinking you would freak
someone out on time team because I'm my
god hamsters used to drive there's also
is that gerbil trying to sock himself
officer
so you just kill her in there that's
hamster is he what's he doing to himself
he looks unbalanced he's unbalanced
you're telling me yeah give me a clue
kind of like counseling are you a
therapist for dogs yes in a way
let talk to the spirits of dead animals
bingo really yes Wow and actually my
main job is talking to animals living
all animals can communicate your main
job is talking to an oil yeah so why are
you in the news because basically I'm
one of the UK's leading animal psychics
and I talk to celebrities pets and I
work for one of the leading are you the
only no food it so I'm a dog
thank you yeah want my thank you
what am I thinking I'll talk to me I'll
look really stupid I don't look stupid
I think I'm gonna shag your leg
not not a shit on your profession but
dogs are quite simplistic can I eat it
can i fuck it it's cats can I eat it in
a fucking hamster can I eat it
no hamsters drive that yes we've
established that okay sure though all
right so which animals do get on with
this horses I do not work with horses
because lots of horses have problems and
dogs Oh Lord
have you had a horse that doesn't want
to be a horse so I want to be about you
so are you going to teach me to be a
psychic I am yes I actually think that
you've got a touch of psychic about you
lots of people are psychic they don't
know my job I often teach people they're
like I didn't realize I could do that
because I like to ask you if you show
your t-shirt spotted earlier yeah why
did you choose that because the lady
gave it to me because you had an inkling
of the evening I didn't have an inkling
of an evening
this is Hound of the Baskervilles yeah I
found they just have the word hound in
it correct yes and picture of something
I've also got um pair of pants on thank
you across the pants are mad mad mad mad
mad mad
do you reckon you can do this what talk
to dogs yeah animals
. absolutely bring him out talk to
anyone took two chihuahuas unicorn to
the lot bring forward your animals and I
shall communicate with them we shall
suite and is apply magic so here we are
here we are yes
so what we're gonna do is that's the
first animal to come on okay you're
gonna tell them I'm Russell and I can
communicate with you you're gonna get
information good okay so and the first
animal please can you come on oh yeah
not bad how are you I'm very I'm doing
good good
ah this is Molly hey mom I knew that
already yes Oh Molly right Molly she
seems scared
she's change of pace she said to me I
wish I'd been born a sheep she doesn't
want to talk she's using mine blocking
power so but well I need you to do
because we need to work out what she's
like I want you to ask this dog taking
us three words to describe herself and
see how you do so just say give me three
words to describe yourself
look at her face beautiful face Molly
can give me three words loving nervous
and kind
oh really suit
I like those three words what fits of
that sex press
giannis Express
she's clearly I think a fussy eater no
I've got it wrong she'll fussy or am I
talking about she's high-maintenance
that's what she is
a guy has to meet Molly a lovely thing
and the words I got from her were
beautiful beautiful beautiful
she's got Stata thank you so much for
coming on
this one we're not the briefs okay
Oh white shoes in a seventies muff
I don't like him I just I don't like the
guys I'm sorry mate mate yeah boy
understands what you say well I'm sorry
look good she understood that
what's your name or what's your animal
I'm a key hey Becky no solution lovely
this piece this is I'll be the guinea
dear just don't they creep me out
they're all like right he be in your
trousers that swine looking search pest
that's what she just said to me my hair
hers is neater than yours that is true
happy right absolutely so she's playing
a bully she's on edge
Jess I'm gonna got my hair yes you are
very spot yeah well I'm glad I said all
those horrible things about you get away
from the bitch
she is a woman but I'm sorry
which are late again please give up for
my mystery